Flower has another unkind request
unkind love
What do you have today?
As long as the teacher can do it
Go ahead.
Thank you cross
Wuji wants to ask you for leave.
Go to Yunxiao Sect
Junior Brother Ye, you are going to Yunxiao Sect now
It's tantamount to suicide
Wuji, what happened between you and Yunxiao Zonglin Xiyue
I have learned a lot from Qiuhua
The man does something and does not
How can you not report the humiliation of quitting your marriage?
Thank you, Master
I'm not finished yet.
Of course, this Yunxiao Sect is going
But you can't go alone
You are the son of my freesia sect
It represents the face of my freesia gate
I'm going to ask Old Tianxiao of Yunxiao Sect
Indulge disciples to break off their marriages like me, the holy son of Freesia Sect
What does that mean?
It doesn't have to be that way.
Wuji is alone
How can you involve the sect in my private affairs?
Hey, you have entered my freesia gate
It is a part of my freesia gate
What are you talking about?
Come and listen to the arrangement for the teacher
Qiu Hua sent a chill to Yunxiao Sect
Just say no
I will write about the Son of God
Together with the major sects in the seven southern provinces
Go to Yunxiao Zongbai Mountain
If Tianxiao Lao'er doesn't give an explanation
Don't blame me for making him restless.
They are all mixed up in the spiritual world
Who hasn't clicked yet?
Yes
Hey
Western moon
At first, you went your own way and broke the marriage
I don't know if you ever thought
Ye Wuji, who is just an ant in your eyes
Can you grow to such an extent today?